Bueno, entonces, ahora vamos a tener una
corta entrevista o una conversación y yo
voy a hacer unas preguntas, ok?
Y voy a dar la respuesta.
Este video tienes que verlo para que te
puedas aprender el uso de los desbloqueadores.
Así que vamos a ello.
What I mean is that I'm a mix of
introverted and outgoing, depending on
the situation.
Do you come from a big family?
My family is rather small.
A long time ago, my family used to live
in the countryside, and we're still close
-knit despite being small.
We're small family.
Do you think first impressions matter?
Well, they do.
But I think that actions over time matter more.
What's something you'd recommend to
someone meeting your family?
Well, I would like to know how they feel
about pets, because my family loves animals.
What would you do to make someone feel
comfortable meeting new people?
What I would do is introduce them to everyone.
Help them break the ice.
Do you think family traditions are important?
I think they can create bonds and
memories, so yes, they are important.
Do you believe everyone in a family has
to think alike?
I don't think that everyone needs to
think alike.
But respecting differences is crucial.
What's your idea about family?
Everyone can be family.
That is to say, family is about support,
not just blood relations.
How would you describe your relationship
with your siblings?
I mean, we argue sometimes, but we've
always got each other's backs.
Do you keep any childhood items?
I have a box of toys from when I was little.
Do you believe in learning from mistakes?
Absolutely, I've learned from my mistakes
several times.
And that's how I've grown into the person
that I am today.
Have you ever planned something and had
it fall through?
I was going to do a surprise party for my
dad, but he found out beforehand.
Where were you raised?
I was raised in the suburbs for most of
my life.
Were you always confident growing up?
I was shy as a child, but I've grown to
be confident over time.
Have you ever been caught off guard by
someone's expectation?
I didn't know that my grandparents wanted
me to take over their business.
How do you deal with bad weather?
Yesterday, I didn't want to go out
because it was raining heavily.
It was raining cats and dogs.
How do you make difficult tasks more manageable?
So that it isn't overwhelming, I break it
into smaller steps.
Do you think you're good at explaining things?
Well, I don't know, but what I wanted to
say is that I try to do my best.
What's one thing you're curious about
right now?
Well, I want to know how you spend your weekends.
How do you handle misunderstandings?
Well, just tell me what I can do better
and we'll work it out.
What advice would you give to someone
who's hesitant about making changes?
Well, if I were that person, I'd take it
one step at a time and not overthink it.
What's something you'd like to achieve soon?
I want to learn how to cook my family's
traditional recipes.
Why do you think people hesitate about
trying new things?
Well, mostly because I don't know how to
do it.
I might feel unsure.
And I imagine people feel the same
.
I imagine others feel the same.
What do you focus on when you're busy?
Concentrating.
Because when I concentrate, I get more
done in less time.
Why are you pursuing this hobby?
Because I like to challenge myself to
improve and grow.
How do you politely move through a
crowded space?
Well, I just say, excuse me, please, can
I get through?
Have you tried solving this type of
issues before?
Several times.
And I've learned something new each time.
Do you visit the same vacation spot often?
Many times.
I love how familiar and relaxing it feels.
Do you ever skip taking a shower?
Sometimes.
But I try not to make it a habit.
Do you enjoy childhood activities?
Once in a while, I like to re -watch
childhood movies.
Do you think everyone values family the
same way?
Some people prioritize it more and other
people focus on other things.
Can you name a food you like?
Yes.
For example, I love pasta.
It's my comfort food.
Do you usually agree with your friends' opinions?
I agree with their thoughts and most
things, but not always.
Do you find it hard to express disagreement?
I don't agree with others just to please them.
I believe in honesty.
Do you think it's okay to ask for help?
Yes, of course.
It shows strength, not weakness.
Do you listen more than you talk?
I understand the importance of listening,
so I try to do both.
Do you find any topics hard to understand?
I don't understand complicated math problems.
It's not my strong sweep.
When you say that you value connection,
what do you mean?
What do you mean by connection?
I'd say it's about meaningful relationships.
What do you do when faced with setbacks?
It's not comfortable, however, I stay
focused and find a way to adapt.
When did you last visit your hometown?
Years ago, but I'm planning a trip back soon.
What's the first thing you'd like us to
know about you?
First of all, that I value honesty and
open communication.
Do you easily believe what others tell you?
I don't believe that everything people
says is true.
I prefer to verify it myself.
Do you think you'll succeed in your next goal?
I believe that with hard work and
persistence, I absolutely will succeed.
Okay, last but not least, what do you
want me to do?
Well, that's a good question.
I think, help me learn English fast.
Wow, muy bien.
Eso es todo por este video.
Míralo de nuevo hasta que puedas entender
bien lo que estamos diciendo.